docs: Add user guide for Corellium MVP (#1977)
Flank/flank: docs/flank_corellium.md

# Flank - Corellium

> Run your tests in parallel on virtual devices driven by Corellium backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run Android tests in parallel on virtual devices driven by the Corellium backend.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run Android & iOS tests in parallel on virtual devices driven by Corellium backend.
```

## Status

> The Flank - Corellium integration is at the MVP stage, so only core, most important features are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Flank - Corellium integration is at the MVP stage, so only the core and most important features are available.
```

[Read more](https://github.com/sparkrnyc/sparkr_general_docs/wiki/What-are-Prototype,-POC,-Alpha,-Beta-and-MVP#minimum-viable-product-mvp) about Minimum Viable Product.

## Why Corellium

> Flank is just a client-side application that can prepare the time-efficient parallel test plan to run on several devices. It requires a third-party provider that can serve a huge amount of devices to run tests on them.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flank is just a client-side application that can prepare a time-efficient parallel test plan to run on several devices. It requires a third-party provider that can serve a huge amount of devices to run tests on them.   
```

Corellium is solving this problem as follows:

> * Provides technology to virtualize mobile operating systems on servers powered by ARM cores. - Which is giving incredible ability for scaling amount of devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Provides technology to virtualize mobile operating systems on servers powered by ARM cores. - This gives an incredible ability for scaling with regards to the amount of devices.
```

> * Gives access to the bare operating system (Android or iOS). - Which is allowing to run optimized sharding algorithm for improving test execution time and reducing costs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Gives access to the bare operating system (Android or iOS). - Which allows a run optimized sharding algorithm that improves test execution time and reduces costs.
```

## How to get

> Flank - Corellium integration is built in the `flank.jar` executable, so the latest Flank build is giving you access to the features driven on the Corellium backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flank - Corellium integration is built in the `flank.jar` executable, so the latest Flank build gives you access to the features driven on the Corellium backend.
```

```

### Config

The example configuration file looks following:

```yaml

### Test apks
## The list of app and test apks.
## Each app apk must have one or more corresponding test apks.
apks:
  - path: "app1.apk"
    tests:
      - path: "app1-test1.apk"
  - path: "app2.apk"
    tests:
      - path: "app2-test1.apk"
      - path: "app2-test2.apk"

    ### Authorization file
    ## Path to YAML file with host address and credentials.
    ## default: corellium_auth.yml
    # auth: auth_file.yml

    ### Project name
    ## The name of Corellium project.
    ## default: "Default project"
    # project: "project name"

### Max Test Shards
## test shards - the amount of groups to split the test suite into.
## default: 1
# max-test-shards: 10000

### Results Directory
## The name of a local directory where test results will be stored.
## default: results/corellium/android/yyyy-MM-dd_HH-mm-ss-SSS
# local-result-dir: test-results

### Obfuscate dump
## Replace internal test names with unique identifiers, before dumping them to "android-shards.json".
## This option is hiding sensitive details about tests.
## default: false
# obfuscate: true
```

### Command-line arguments

> Instead of or along with configuration file you can specify same options, in a command-line, which will override config file options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of or along with configuration file you can specify some options, in a command-line, which will override config file options.
```

OR

```suggestion
These can be included alongside the configuration file. They will override or supplement the configuration file depending on the usage.
```

# Flank - Corellium

> Run your tests in parallel on virtual devices driven by Corellium backend.

Author: ```suggestion
Run mobile tests in parallel on virtual devices driven by Corellium backend.
```
